de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/MedianPrizeAnalyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.MedianPrizeAnalyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/FormatterFromAnalyzer2.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.FormatterFromAnalyzer2
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/MostOfferedMealOfWeek.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.MostOfferedMealOfWeek
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/SimpleFormatter.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.SimpleFormatter
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/MensaMeals.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.MensaMeals
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/FetchData.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.FetchData
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/ParseData.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.ParseData
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/Fetcher.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.Fetcher
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/MaxPrizeMealAnalyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.MaxPrizeMealAnalyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/gui/MensabotGui.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.gui.MensabotGui
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/AveragePrizeAnalyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.AveragePrizeAnalyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/PrizeRangeAnalyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.PrizeRangeAnalyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/Controller.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.Controller
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/Menu.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.Menu
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/SimpleMealFormatter.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.SimpleMealFormatter
de/uniwue/jpp/errorhandling/OptionalWithMessageVal.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.errorhandling.OptionalWithMessageVal
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/TotalPricePerDayAnalyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.TotalPricePerDayAnalyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/Saver.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.Saver
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/MensaMenu.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.MensaMenu
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/MinPrizeMealAnalyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.MinPrizeMealAnalyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/Analyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.Analyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/PricelessFormatter.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.PricelessFormatter
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/ImportData.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.ImportData
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/SendData.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.SendData
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/Meal.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.Meal
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/PriceOnlyFormatter.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.PriceOnlyFormatter
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/Sender.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.Sender
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/FormatterFromFormat.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.FormatterFromFormat
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/RandomMealFormatter.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.RandomMealFormatter
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/ControllerDummy.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.ControllerDummy
de/uniwue/jpp/errorhandling/OptionalWithMessage.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.errorhandling.OptionalWithMessage
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/Solution.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.Solution
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/FormatterFromAnalyzer1.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.FormatterFromAnalyzer1
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/gui/GuiLauncher.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.gui.GuiLauncher
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/LongestNameFormatter.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.LongestNameFormatter
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/SaveData.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.SaveData
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/TotalPrizeAnalyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.TotalPrizeAnalyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/errorhandling/OptionalWithMessageMsg.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.errorhandling.OptionalWithMessageMsg
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/Parser.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.Parser
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/Importer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.Importer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/ComplexFormatter.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.ComplexFormatter
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/Formatter.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.Formatter
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/AveragePricePerDayAnalyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.AveragePricePerDayAnalyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/gui/Controller.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.gui.Controller
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.gui.Controller$Stats
